hey how's it going Dave 2d here so razor
just announced their new product the
razor phone and I've been using their
engineering sample for a little bit I
thought I'd share some of my thoughts
with you guys now I don't feel like it
was an unexpected product announcement
they did purchase the next big company a
little while ago and if you don't
remember them they made the Robin phone
this was an interesting phone I felt
like it was one of my favorite looking
phones from last year but it fell short
on the technical perspective the razor
phone is a completely different beast in
terms of the insides it's but similar
aesthetics I mean it's boxy and it's got
no the same kind of vibe to it
now the Robin was a colorful plastic
phone but the razor phone is black it's
all metal and feels very tanky squared
off corners with a very beefy feel to
the device it's got an industrial look
but it's comfortable to use the Razer
logo is on the back and it's pretty
subtle it's black and silver nothing
crazy and it's not lit with RGB or
anything like that there is if I'm not
mistaken a limited edition green logo
that you can get like if you're one of
the earlier adopters you can pick up one
with a green Razer logo which is kind of
cool the buttons on this thing are
really nice it's a very tactile click
when you press it you can really feel
when it activates and the fingerprint
scanner is just like on the Robin
side-mounted power switch with the
fingerprint scanner built-in it looks
kind of small because the power button
is just this oval instead of a circle
but it works fast and it's reliable it
is a flagship phone it's running the
snapdragon 835 which is a really capable
processor it's got 64 gigs of storage
expandable with micro sd and I haven't
been able to test the cameras but the
back is running to 12 megapixel shooters
one shoots wide one shoots zoomed
they're both mounted top left with a
little bit of a protrusion the selfie
cam up front is 8 megapixels but let's
switch gears and talk about what makes
this phone special and the first thing
is the screen this is a 5.7 inch screen
it's an egg so panel wide color gamut
but it's 120 Hertz now this isn't the
first phone out there with 120 Hertz
panel but because it's razor and because
their products are usually geared
towards gaming this is gonna make for an
amazing gaming experience high refresh
rate on mobile devices is not common but
when you combine that with a fast
processor you get a really smooth visual
experience you're able to see twice as
any frames as before so every animation
or movement in games or just even the UI
will look really clean now this is
something that's hard to showcase in my
YouTube videos because I shoot at 24
frames per second and this is happening
at 120 frames per second but even the
system UI feels incredibly smooth and
games that can support the high refresh
rate are gonna look awesome
the speaker's up front are really good
they're stereo speakers one on each side
and they're front-facing so it's just
really good location they get loud
there's dual amplifiers in here and the
sound quality is quite good there's no
headphone jack though there's a USB C
port for both charging and for use PC
headphones but they also include an
adapter for use PC to the regular 3.5
millimeter jack there is also a THX
certified DAC in here for really high
quality audio output this thing has
eight gigs of ram which is a ton there's
a lot of laptops and even desktops that
still have eight gigs of ram and whether
or not it's useful really depends on how
razer manages the memory if they have a
really aggressive memory management then
it won't be but I feel like they'll just
let the apps sit in memory and I'll be
fine
because it has so much memory they also
have a big battery in here four thousand
milliamp hours and supports Qualcomm
quick charge for plus we're looking at a
50% charge in less than 15 minutes it's
quite impressive so four thousand
milliamp power battery with quick charge
time can't go around with that right
phone overall is quite impressive the
specs are really cool I mean the 120
Hertz panel looks it looks nice as for
the pricing 700 bucks it's not the
cheapest phone but with hardware like
this you kind of expect it to be at that
price I'm gonna be doing a more thorough
review once I get my retail unit in just
kind of spend more time with it but
that's basically it a first look at the
razor phone okay hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs we liked it subs you
loved it see you guys next time